/* document is used for darkmode typing lmao */

/*  #region Vik vs Akali Game
    Your Team is just trash
        Gnar vs Jax
            The Gnar was a shit player, no doubt about it but tbh he mightve been wincon for at least lane phase
            first death from him was unlucky
            second death was underlevel from being bad

            If you dont help gnar get his footing back in teh game after the first death, he will be useless for the rest of the game(which he became). You kept wanting jungler to play "stronger" side bot lane which in theory makes sense but you have to relieve the pressure at top at one point. I realized that you also dont click tab often to check ur team matchups nor look at ur team's lanes. There was no chance for the game when you lose 5 platings and 2 towers to jax with a 40cs lead. Gnar is practically out of the game even if ezreal morg becomes strong. Noone will ever be able to match the split push.
            
            Honestly here, even a lane swap wouldve been reasonable if you communicated with your team. You can at least farm against jax from distance and he wont be able to kill you when you play properly. If you saw gnar struggling in lane, it mightve been best you suggested this or gank him.

        Bot lane
            Unlucky you kinda lost the coinflip. Ezreal Morg were both d4/d3 level at best. Their understanding of the game is terrible and they lost 5 platings cause they don't know when to back
    
    you don't look around the map enough as a mid laner/Tunnel Vision
        Generally: I see you tunneling on pokes and lane very often without going to ward, look around the map, or click tab to see stats.
        6:00 - both top and bot are engaging in a fight but you decided to tp to mid quick because you are worried about lane crashing into you.
        18:00 - jax walks past wards to come to gank you straight down. Eitehr you didn't see him from tunneling or you underestimated his damage. From VOD it looks tunnel. 

    Good lane control while you are in lane
        8:00 - got a good pressure gank to keep pushing akali from lane

    Pinging the map
        8:10->9:00 - 5-10s rule of pinging missing 
            especially if you have no priority/thought to move

    Mental Boom
        Stop the typing if it doesn't help your team. You are tilting 2 players in one go and probably even your team. If you want to type, type after the game or when the game is over and you are willing to ff. If you don't want to ff, toxicness just brings it further down and you lose even more in both the game and mentally.
        Stop holding hostage if you think the game is over. "the game is never over" is a statement that can only be made if everyone on your team thinks they can win. Your toxicity and your ff vote does not match making you more mentally fatigued. Pro players dont surrender on stage because there is something on the line but you literally lose nothing from losing besides elo. You waste more time staying in the game jsut to lose.
*/

/* #region Viktor vs Ekko game  
    First pick vik, shouldve seen if anyone wanted swaps
    Trundle feeding double buff was an oof for sure
    your bot lane was dog, braum was actually brainless all game

    12:20 - waste of tp
    13:20 - gets punished for wasting tp at top
    13:40 - backs instead of doing anything, didnt buy anything
                possibly had the chance to roam bot
    13:45 - mental booms from "lol gg" and flames for no reason
    13:50 - mutes everyone from tilt, i assume.
    14:00 - saw poppy coming from river to bot, needed to ping and follow
                gains nothing at mid, wouldve been 4v3 bot (4v4 if you think ekko walked through bot lane which is highly unlikely)
    20:00 - i dont understand the decision to not teleport here after seeing initial teleport, wouldve been faster and wouldve had you grouped properly with team. Sett still top 5v4. This couldve been the game changer
*/ 

/*  #region Lucian Game
    
    This game is literally just a bad 50/50 coinflip game.
    
    What I think couldve saved the game:
        telling people to group (including you)
            absolutely needed to get a pick on trist

    Pros in this game:
        You have the mechanics
    
*/